hi everybody its as here from heel vs
babyface now earlier in the day I
brought your video on how to get your
hands on the brand new emerald rake come
warlords of draenor released to continue
the theme on this mountain madness
Monday I'm gonna bring sorry what it's
Wednesday are you kidding me I thought
it's Monday really Wednesday uh to
continue the theme on this Widing
Wednesday god dammit our mana mine I've
got another mount to bring you now this
mount is just as special because believe
or not it's been in the game for ages at
least the code for it has and yet it
never found its way into the actual live
version itself and here it is it is the
fel fire hawk
now we've seen the fire Hawks before
from Cataclysm in Firelands and also the
corrupted hawk which was the purple one
and this one is when I say a lot easier
to get than the emerald Drake the
criteria at least is a lot more
simplified you've got to get yourself
250 mounts with which to qualify to get
this one now I personally have a hundred
I don't know how many mounts I have
Blizzard keep changing it one day I've
got 192 then I've got 189 then I've got
190 unless I I don't know what Blizzard
to do with my mounts but they're giving
me some that taken away god damn it I
don't know but you've got to get
yourself in some capacity 250 of them
with which to qualify now of course it
won't be a mount video unless I showed
you it's soaring across the sky like a
beautiful dove or a corrupted fel fire
Hawk you gonna get the drift but yeah it
is a pretty looking thing isn't it
there's no denying that
personally I prefer my fel Drake just
saying but I do think it's awesome and I
do think it's one that I will be
striving to get my
hands-on so there you go let me know
what you guys and gals think in the
comments down below and if this video
disgusted you please do give it a
dislike but if it didn't
why just click that like button give it
a thumbs up and also subscribe to my
channel follow me on Twitter Facebook
and also twitch TV for slash hill vs.
baby face for live warlords of draenor
streaming and I shall be back with some
more stuff very soon you take care
everybody
bye bye
you